Coyote is being held
by a Russian mercenary group
called Valhalla.
This op is our last best shot.
Where is she?
What do you want?
In Addis. you recruited people.
I want the list.
Forty-eight hours. lover boy.
This could be a disaster.
He shows all the symptoms.
PTSD triggers...
And the risks?
Loss of perspective.
- lapses in concentration...
- I wish we had had
this conversation earlier.
because I signed off
on Martian heading back
into the field to recruit
a Valhalla asset.
We flipped one
of Volchok's closest aides.
He directs Volchok
into a kill zone.
Mercenaries holding Coyote
will arrive at Felix.
We spring the trap. get our boy.
You just killed her.
Yeah?
Where are you?
On my way in.
We have a situation.
What?
This line isn't secure.
No names. places.
Shoot.
Blue team in place.
Reporting greater numbers
than expected.
- Shit.
- Way more.
- We should abort.
- No.
Martian.
- This needs a rethink.
- Fuck that.
Okay. listen.
You listening?
Yes.
Move the kill zone
300 meters up the road.
Blue team snatches our boy
and the bogies'll run
the other way.
Their job is
to protect the ball.
They hear contact.
they'll run him to the chopper.
Meanwhile our HRT
secures the package.
This whole thing'll
look like a failed kidnap
by Ukrainian insurgents
on a high value--
Martian?
Are you there?
Martian!
Sir. can you hear me?
Sir?
- Morning.
What's the buzz from Gremlin?
Oh. nothing. Yet.
She hates it. by the way.
What. her code name?
I don't blame her.
- Gremlin?
- Hmm.
Shouldn't she have
landed by now?
What do you want me to say?
I didn't sleep a wink.
Feel like a...
Like a what?
A bad parent.
Who sent their kid to Iran
to infiltrate
its nuclear program?
You're right.
That's poor parenting.
NORAD gave us access.
Full house.
Zeus satellites overhead.
That's the good news.
- What's that?
That's Felix.
Image is good.
Good?
It's fucking incredible.
Lens is a yard wide.
with focal strength
between 3.000
to 4.000 millimeters.
It can see any object
larger than three inches--
- a knife. a gun.
- But not your dick.
Who told you that?
Besides it's about
how you use it.
It's what I heard.
Go for a drink with me.
Are we doing this now?
On. like. the busiest.
most stressful day ever?
It's always busy.
If I wait for a slow day.
you're gonna be married
with three kids.
If this is a thing.
it would've happened by now.
We aren't dateable.
Why do you say that?
Maybe. like.
at a Christmas party
or in a random supply closet.
I'm all out of Post-It notes.
Show Martian this.
get it up in the crisis room.
That's the bad news.
SAC showed up with all this
and kicked us out.
They run the show from now on.
Before you say anything... I know...
Russians bring some fat Kremlin
fuck to kiss Ukrainian babies?!
This isn't America.
- This isn't America.
Listen... What?
What do you want?
I'm gonna do what i came to do.
Alone?
You're stupid.
It's suicide.
I saw my people die.
- So do i!
Just like that... for nothing...
So. what do you want?
Shh. quiet. quiet.
Fuck! Listen. listen.
Sasha. we obey orders.
Understood?
There's more as stake here
than any American will ever know.
Just trust me.
Good morning.
Good morning. Hello.
- How are you taking the news?
- What news?
Samia.
You read the report?
What report?
Naomi. what report?
I didn't tell you this.
Henry received a report
from the Horn of Africa.
CTTF.
When?
I don't know.
The NSC tracked Dalaga's
private jet to Khartoum.
Then a cell phone cluster
by road to Kober Prison.
Kober?
Yeah. the place
RSF busted everyone
out of and restocked with
Janjaweed political prisoners.
That place is a hellhole.
University isn't worried.
Nor her family.
I don't know what that means.
but that's what I know.
I'm sorry.
So. this was...
SAC. Hurry up.
- I heard.
- Yeah. You know the drill.
Soon as there's
boots on the ground.
SAC sweeps in and it's
"Two sugars. please."
I can't get you in.
- That's not why I'm here.
- Good.
- Then go away.
- It's Samia Zahir.
Thirty seconds.
She was unlawfully
arrested by the RSF
and is being held
in a black site in Khartoum.
- Omdurman?
- Worse. Kober.
Sorry to hear that.
You know how this plays.
She'll be raped. tortured.
In two days.
her body'll be found
by the side
of the Atari highway.
Come here.
All right. what do you
want me to say. Martian?
This whole region
is in free fall.
Like. super fast-forward.
One clumsy move.
we lose our advantage.
I can send her file
- over to State.
- She'll be dead
- by the time they read it.
- Well. we can do
the diplomatic route.
Find an intermediary.
speaks on her behalf.
someone at State
pushes for her release.
And when General Hemedti
says no?
She's not even a pawn. Martian.
I'm sorry.
You need Owen in there.
He's the only one
who can identify Coyote.
Your Courvoisier neat. sir.
Would you care for a cigar?
Cuban. Nicaraguan. Honduran?
I don't smoke.
Lucky for you.
The cigars here are. eh.
too dry.
Is like putting
a dried turd in your mouth
and setting fire to it.
It's why I bring my own.
Mr. Dalaga.
thank you for coming.
Someone called. uh. Paul Lewis
left a message
with my secretary.
Which is. uh. strange.
because as we both know.
Paul Lewis. uh. does not exist.
Shouldn't you be in Cairo?
Your cousin flew to Cairo
yesterday to continue talks.
but you're still here.
What happened?
Out in the cold?
You have 60 seconds.
I want news on Samia Zahir.
I have none.
If you did. could you help her?
Then who could?
Is this seriously
why you drag me here?
We want to make an offer.
My people will not deal
with the Americans.
I'm here
on behalf of the British.
a safe intermediary.
Can you prove that?
Ask for confirmation.
You'll get it.
What else will I... get?
Asylum.
British passports for you.
your wife. four children.
A registered limited company
to invest your money in.
in four years. a shot at a seat
in the House of Lords.
Will you throw in
tea with the king?
I need one thing in return.
Dr. Zahir's life and freedom.
That's two things.
Sami wasn't even on the radar.
I persuaded my office
to recruit her.
It was an attempt to save her.
That's touching.
Do we have a deal?
I will. uh. make some inquiries.
open a conversation.
See if there is.
uh. solutions that. uh.
benefits us both.
Got to admire his balls.
making offers on our behalf.
That's not balls.
that's desperation.
And if you think he's talking
to Dalaga there. you're fired.
He's talking to us.
Now we know what he wants.
How ambitious
are you. Robinshaw?
Is this on the square?
Are we talking
a rogue operation?
Well. only until
I run the place.
Then I make the rules.
The question is
who's coming with me.
I want China desk.
Little shit.
You're nowhere near
senior enough.
Fine.
Internal Security's
on the fourth floor. right?
Done.
Come on. then.
you want to run a show.
What's our move?
Well. we know what he wants.
Set up a meet.
somewhere discreet.
and find out what he's
prepared to do to get it.
Hm.
Ops are tracking an
inbound column of six vehicles.
one Tigr infantry 4x4.
two BTR-70s.
one Ural truck
and a pair of quads.
Four hours from the clinic.
Have you ID'd the vehicles?
Are they Valhalla's?
No pos IDs. not as yet.
You guys have to let
one of my people
into that crisis room.
Owen Lublin.
He's the one guy
who knows the whole chessboard.
I'm afraid SAC has orders
to take full command.
I'm not asking
for him to command.
I'm recommending
he's in the room.
I'll call you back.
Hello?
- I'm following up
on your meeting at the Ritz.
The cigar lounge?
Our office has
a 30-minute window.
Today. 1:00 p.m.
That's in 20 minutes.
If it's inconvenient.
we can reschedule.
Perhaps next week?
No. no. no. no.
1:00 p.m. is fine. Where?
Fucking fuck.
She'll come up for air.
- She has to.
- No. she doesn't.
Not if she's drowned.
Danny's a beast. Naomi.
She'll be fine.
Fuck me.
Why are you keeping me here?
It's been hours.
Where did you buy this?
London.
Regent Street. the Apple Store.
Have you had it repaired?
No.
I...
Uh c--
I'm really thirsty.
Can I please have some water?
The screws are scratched.
Who took it apart?
No one.
Did you do it?
I wouldn't know how to.
Unless you aren't
who you say you are.
So. you still watch
the old haunts?
Oh. come on. My mum knows we bug
the cigar lounge at the Ritz.
More Arabs and Chinese
roll through there
than Harrods Food Hall.
I can deliver you Dalaga.
He's yours to run.
In return for?
You know what I want.
Samia Zahir back here. safe.
Let me get this straight.
You're offering up a vain.
pissed. drug-addled
borderline imbecile.
a man who's family
don't trust him.
and who's only here
to stink up a scene
and throw everyone
off the scent.
If Dalaga doesn't cut it
then what does?
You know. my son Charlie
used to work at the Royal Parks
in his gap year.
He was the deck chair guy.
Do you know.
you can rent a deck chair
for the whole summer?
They give you a laminated pass.
Wouldn't that be bliss?
Just come out here every day
with a book and snooze.
Packed lunch. thermos.
Sounds amazing.
What do you want?
There is one asset
we've identified who you control
who would be
of genuine interest.
Who?
You're asking me
to become a double?
Oh. I'm not asking you
for anything.
You are.
You want me
to betray my country.
We know where she is.
which wing. cell.
We have an SAS unit
with eyes on the prison.
primed. ready to go.
You just give the word
and she's out of there
before you can
get back across the river.
It's a yes or no.
Come on. buddy.
The clock's ticking. Yes or no?
I'm willing
to discuss this further.
- Yes or no?
- Listen!
Tomorrow morning. Raffles.
crisp linen.
breakfast for two.
"Do not disturb."
Listen.
Yes or no.
Yes.
Hi. is that Lord Lucan?
Yeah. I'd like
50 quid each way on Shergar
in the 3:40.
Oh. and is Elvis there?
I've got someone here
who wants to say hi.
I'm sorry. mate.
I couldn't resist.
Your face.
You bastard.
Oh. but that woman.
I mean.
she's really--
and I mean really--
fucked you up. hasn't she?
As you were.
Still. good to know.
For future reference
and all that.
Very. very interesting.
You piece of shit.
You know. that's the third time
I've been called that this week.
Our asset. an Iran Air
flight attendant.
gave an eyewitness account.
A woman matching
Gremlin's description
was marched out of the terminal
by two armed IRG
and put into the back
of a black van.
It's theater.
designed to force a mistake.
Are we sure?
She was arrested.
Yes. she was.
but not because she's blown.
If she's blown. they don't march
her out with guys in uniform
to a black van
with everyone watching.
Plainclothes IRG
quietly take her off the plane
to a room
in a basement somewhere
and we never see her again.
And if they move
her after that...
Mm. it's out a back door
in a sack.
That's exactly right.
It's a test.
Let's hope she aces it.
What do we got?
Do you know what this is?
No.
This leaf--
you don't recognize it?
I'm a researcher.
Part of an
exchange program between
the University College of Tehran
and the London
School of Sciences.
My visa was countersigned
- by Professor Reza Mortazev--
- Here is the deal.
You tell me why
- you're really in Iran--
- I told you: to res--
Don't interrupt me. you slut!
You worthless. shameless bitch!
You come here all rude and still
have the audacity to get fresh on me?!
Start talking!
Start talking. you whore!
Go on!
Grab your shit.
Martian is your point
of contact outside this room.
You'll brief us.
we'll channel analysis
- back through him.
- Right.
You're listening carefully?
Good.
Coyote. Back here.
In one piece.
Okay.
This is Owen.
Coyote's field handler.
He calls Coyote's positive ID.
All right.
Good luck.
What's top of your
threat matrix?
Blue have visual on
a way bigger than anticipated
hostile deployment
protecting the compound.
Head count?
Twenty-five to 30.
Estimate another six
close security inbound
on the minister's helicopter.
Three dozen FSB.
What's your analysis. Owen?
Your expert assessment?
We're all ears.
Two minutes.
- Yeah?
- Where are you?
On my way in.
We have a situation.
Move the kill zone
300 meters up the road.
Blue team snatches our boy
and the bogeys'll
run the other way.
Their job
is to protect the ball.
They hear contact. they'll
run him to the chopper.
Meanwhile. our HRT
secures the package.
This whole thing'll
look like a failed kidnap
by Ukrainian insurgents
on a high-value--
Martian.
Martian. are you there?
Martian!
Oh! Oh. my-- Oh. my God!
Is he breathing?
- Don't know.
Hey. Hey.
Why aren't you in CR2?
What should we do?
I'll. uh...
I'll go ch-check all the ERs.
You get back in there. Owen. Go!
All good?
All good.
- Good.
We have column inbound.
15 klicks.
Confirmed Valhalla.
One Tigr. two ABCs.
a truck and outriders.
Get Blue leader on the horn.
Move our kill zone
300 meters away from the clinic
to the road in.
We're on the move.
You can't be in here.
This is an Operations Group
command mission.
Your command.
I'm eyes and ears.
I won't get in your way.
No.
- Call the DCIA.
Let him tell you himself.
You got his number?
We're in.
We have one Mi-8 inbound
bearing 315 at 275 KMH.
That's not him.
Moving too fast.
That's a gunship.
FSB converted a few Hips
into flying limos
for Kremlin top brass.
Long-range fuel tanks.
missile sensors.
jam-proof ECM kit.
Fucker flies faster
than Marine One.
Those are hard facts.
so why would
any of you Agency hoods
know that?
If Coyote gets on that.
he's in Moscow
in less than two hours.
Where are you?
En route.
15 klicks north.
You better be bring cigars.
Oh we're bringing
better than that.
We're waiting.
Shoulder dislocation.
broken arm. two ribs.
He's in surgery now.
CT scans showed a defined
intracranial bleed
from the impact. surgeons
are working on it now.
A brain hemorrhage?
More bleed between
his skull and his brain.
If the surgeons access
the clot and remove it.
there's every chance
he'll make a full recovery.
That's all the information
I can give you right now.
Thank you. Okay.
Okay. that's it. clear the room.
This way. through here.
Hi.
So. the good news is
you don't have a brain bleed.
Just a few cuts and bruises.
Broken wing.
But otherwise.
all fine and dandy.
You almost killed me.
I never "almost" do anything.
Why?
Time.
I hate rushing.
Rush. you make mistakes.
Or take you.
You've been in an awful rush.
Look where it's got you.
Time for what?
Everything.
The whole story. from the top.
Don't leave anything out.
And. uh. please. please
don't embellish.
fabricate or invent.
If this...
or this smell anything.
and I mean anything...
I never made it out of surgery.
But we're not gonna
worry about that.
After all.
you and I are friends.
I want you to leave here
and live a long. happy life.
See Samia.
And your lovely daughter Poppy.
So. shall we begin?
Valhalla convoy
five klicks out.
Blue leader. sitrep.
Blue in position.
On stand to.
Look at this old fuck.
He's only got a few years left
and he's wearing
a bulletproof vest.
Quiet.
I need the bathroom.
You won't even know I'm here.
I'll be way back
in the bleachers.
You can grab yourself
a footlong and a beer.
Comms check. forward team.
Ping 'em all.
- How far off now?
- 5.000 meters out.
Slava Ukraini.
Um. what's going on?
I have people spilling
out of the building.
Running in every direction.
It sounds like gunfire.
Who's down?
Leopard down. I
repeat. Leopard down.
Do not advance.
Stop the convoy!
Stop.
You're a fucking doctor. why the
fuck are you standing here. help him!
Situation is not under control.
Do not advance.
What do you mean
not under control?
What the fuck is going on?
Report?
Maintain current position.
Await further orders.
Do not advance.
What happened? Hello? Hello?
Blue leader. report.
I have visual target.
They've stopped.
100 meters away.
Engines still running.
Is the convoy in the kill zone?
Blue leader.
Are they in the kill zone?
Negative.
- Do we engage?
- Hundred meters.
Negative. Blue leader.
Stand by.
Help! I got to piss!
I got to piss. man.
Open up.
Shut up! Let him piss himself.
Think i'm handing him over
to a member of the Kabinet...
Covered in fresh piss? Help him.
Wait.
What is it?
The guy they're letting out
of the APC.
That's him.
That's Coyote.
Are you certain?
You notice the weapon
the guy has at his back?
That's him.
I guarantee it.
Hundred meters.
Could he get him that far out?
What do you think?
Think he might make it.
So?
I think fuck it.
For Sasha.
For us all.
What just happened?
It would appear we've been
overtaken by events. sir.
They're under attack!
Get in there. Move.
Let's go. Move. On the move.
What are you waiting for?
Let's go.
Column on the move.
Approaching kill zone.
I've got a clear
sight on APC driver. Over.
Targets in range in five.
Four.
Three.
Target's in site.
Are we a go?
It was Coyote?
You're sure?
Hundred percent.
Blue units.
Go. Go. Go.
- Fragging!
- Frag out!
Frag out! Fragging!
Get back!
That's him.
We got him.
We got Coyote.
All units.
confirming package is secure.
You are clean and clear.
Move to extraction point.
- Birds inbound.
- Copy that.
Lace it up.
Confirmed.
All targets down.
Checking kill zone.
Hey. hey. hey. Movement!
Friendlies! Friendlies!
Hold your fire.
All Blue hold fire.
Challenge response.
Response Felix.
Form up. Felix.
We're Oscar Mike.
It's good to see you boys.
Danny. Oh. Allah.
I'm so sorry.
I did everything I could
to get you out.
This is such a mistake.
Could be worse.
I'm not sure how.
Let's get you out of here.
Are you okay?
I'm in Tehran.
Yes. you are.
(1) New E-mail from Danny Acosta
Oh...
Hi Mom!! Long story but i'm through.
Customs was really scary. It
was lucky my boss could help
or i don't know if i'd ever
have made it out of that airport!
Tehran is awesome.
Hey. baby.
- Hey. I don't have long.
but I wanted you to know
as soon as I did.
- Charlie's on his way home.
- Oh!
- He's safe.
- Oh. that's good news.
- I know. I know.
- I'm so glad he's safe.
Me too.
I'm relieved.
- I love you.
- Love you too.
- I got to go.
- Bye. baby.
Excuse me. I'm here to see
Brandon Colby.
I'll be back in a few
hours to check your sats again.
Please press the buzzer
if anything changes
or you're suffering
any more pain.
You must feel like shit.
But I look great. right?
Owen sent a message.
We got Coyote.
Shit.
- Is he safe?
- Thanks to you.
You okay. Dad?
Did it hurt?
Don't worry about me.
I'm good.
I'm not getting on another
motorcycle any time soon.
but other than that...
It's going to be okay.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Do we have a deal or not?
You tell me. Do we?
Can you get Samia out?
Here's the plan.
Go home. take two Advil.
Then. when you feel fit enough
in a day or two.
report for work
and a hero's welcome.
- We did it.
- You all right?
- I'm good. Thank you.
They got him.
Coyote's coming home.
Then just carry on as usual.
You continue to inspire
respect and admiration
from your superiors.
Sir.
- Well played. Martian.
- Thank you. sir.
Yeah.
Well played.
Move up the ranks.
become very important.
Doctor.
And we'll meet
from time to time.
A cup of tea.
Pint or two.
It'll be business as usual.
All the fun of being
in the field.
but with the comforts of home.
All you have to do
is keep a secret.